Hello Mr. Ye
Where are Xueqing and Nian Nian Ren?
Luo Xueqing was brought to the design department by Lei's training
It should be now.
Unbridled Snow Crystal even if it's not my own daughter
It's also the child I've raised for 20 years
It's so funny when you look at them.
Are you going to rebel?
What Lin Nian, you are your biological daughter
So the real daughter of the Ye family is Mr. Lin's money
What are you still doing?
Follow me to the design department
Miss Ye and the Dew Soldier are both in the design department
Then go to the monitoring room
Uh-huh.
You you you what do you want to do
Of course, to take you to meet our mutual mother
divorce